Made a special trip to thank you for thanking us of course
If it weren't for you
How did I know such a good sales plan?
You are obviously shameless
Are you learning from us?
Does your secretary have your say?
Do you have the right to speak as a little three?
Husband, look at him
Don't cry in front of me, talk about mercy
Take your people and get out of here
Don't be so heartless?
Anyway, one night husband and wife 100 days, right?
You said something so big happened to you
I see it in my eyes and it hurts in my heart.
So I'm here today
I came here specially to help you
You said you ruined it too
I can't supply the gift box either.
So everyone went to my place to buy it.
Then, I have insufficient liquidity.
So I'll give you a little donation, not much
I will donate 1,000 yuan to you.
Get out of here since you humiliated me with 1,000 bucks
Now take your money and get the hell out of here
No, sister
There is no reason to give money without it.
A poor man is a poor man
Born cheap
1,000 yuan to hum
I'm still relying on this 1,000 yuan to turn over the book
Yo, turn it over, you make a billion with this 1,000
It will be Chinese New Year soon.
In such a short time
You want to make 100 million $1,000
That year, Chen Xiaodao earned 27 million yuan with 20 yuan
I use 1,000 yuan to earn 100 million yuan in one autumn